# What To Watch? - A Movie Recommendation System Based On User Preferences
The problem domain we will be exploring for this project is the lack of interactive and personalized movie recommmendation services. Time and time again we run into the dilemma of which movie to watch next. We explore various websites ranging from IMDb to Rotten Tomatoes to find a movie that we will like. Yet, we lack a personalized system that takes in user preferences and recommends movies solely based on these preferences. Our goal is to create a program that will provide a range of movies that our users can commit to watching without the concern of having made the wrong choice. Using attributes such as movie genre, release year, the duration and more, we will be able to provide accurate recommendations for the user based on what they like. Additionally, we will provide a recommendation service that respects the privacy of the user and only suggest movies based on the given preferences, unlike certain services that employ search histories to recommend movies.

Given the pandemic, many of our group members took the opportunity to watch new movies during quarantine. However, as stated above, the major issue most of us faced was not knowing what to watch. We took upon different ways to look for movie suggestions whether that be polls on Instagram stories, scrolling through search engines, as well as reading IMDb reviews. However, we weren’t able to find any such service that matched our personal preferences. This motivated us to create such a recommendation service that suggests movies that align to our preferences. This way we are able to guarantee an entertaining experience and allow users to commit to a movie that is in line
with their preferences. 

The above background and context leads us to the following goal for our project: Our project goal is to provide
accurate and helpful movie recommendations based on the user’s preferences.
